                        JackBootGT jan96

 HST sez that politics is the struggle to control your environment. But
those of you who have also heard the rats clawing at the raw gristle
between scalp and skull, may also suspect that we are NOT amoung the
winners.

 And whether or not you feel destined for greater things than supplying a
protein source for rodents...
 what you feel,
   or think,
      or do

 becomes less important

    as what you know
 becomes more incongruent
 with what you've been told...


and when the clawing begins to sound like people talking in the next room,
or 'little voices' right outside your head.... well... it's not long before
you'll hear the little voices INSIDE your head, and that's when NOTHING you
say will matter to anyone... not even, "somebody HELP ME... I'm not CRAZY!!
PUT ME DOOOOOWWN!!!"

 Who needs a gristle layer on their skull?  you say. There are plenty of
survivors of point blank 38cal shots who will tell you. Often the bullet
doesn't pierce the skull, having been held and deflected by this natural
kevlar, and runs round under your scalp for a half revolution, exiting in
the rear, and fooling the hell out an inexperienced shooter who will swear
forever that he's whacked your ass. In fact, without that layer, any
punkOnTheMake can slap you upSide your fragile head and take you down with
water on the brain or a severe concussion. Being left in such a vulnerable
state is worse than walking around with a colorful garret tied around your
neck, loose ends dangling in front, where any weakling or powerFreak could
grab the noose and knot,  stemming the bloodFlow to your brain and snuffing
you easy.... Just because a greedBuilt, monolithic society of Fear and
Paranoia dictates that it's minions tie garrets 'round their necks,  and
leave their piece, conscience and balls at the door, when entering the
innerSanctum of cashFlow, where liscense to reach into the publicPants are
issued,  doesn't make it even as real as the clawing of rats mistaken for
the voices of angels... We need our gristle, and FUCK the plotting bastards
who would have it gnawed.

 Sometimes, when I've been driven past the brink of madness, where
everything makes sense, and the clawVoices speak clearly, with excellent
diction, no accent... the sentences complete... but with no content, like
the calm understated rantings of an Ivy League thorazined schizophrenic,
between drools. It is at this point, when I'll raise my eyes from a laptop
screen, and REALIZE, that somehow, some FUCKING VISCIOUS BASTARD,  has
maliciously invaded the perimeter... and turned on the FUCKING TELEVISION
SET... IT'S THE GODDAMMED NEWS!!!

 The last time this happened, I tore scabs from  festering, phosphorous,
crankLab finger wounds as I lunged for the  kill switch. This caused a
momentary hesitation, where I heard that Americans would no longer be
allowed to move about within the borders of the US, via commercial
airlines, without showing proper photo ID... it was loosely described as
some sort of Nashinal security measure, but was cited without necessity of
mentioning the standard Arab terrorists, drugSoaked NarkoTraffikers, or
reactionary militiaNuts.

 I rarely subject myself to the horror of TV news, so I found the whole
thing rather disturbing... And like most mediaSpew product it empowers the
listener with the freedom to decide "which is worse"
 ... welll
pick one I guess

 - a decree from a garrotClad talking head,  "your papuhs pleece!!"
WhoTheFuck watches all those old NAZI spy movies, for policy inspiration in
occupied Amerika, anyway.

 -the fact that no explanation was offered,  no authority was credited,  no
pretence of democratic process or mouthing standard emergency waiver
Savers,  no homespun, folksy-sounding lies... what happened to all the
transparent propaganda that once accompanied these introductions to the
NeWorldOrder and modernAmerikan Totalitarianism?  What about 'rule by
consent of the governed'.. hey... we don't even rate discount
scientological dream sequences?... not even HOT AIR!!!!?  What the fuck!..
we're just a bunch of SHEEP?!!!  I complained about this to the bastard who
turned on the damn TV in the first place, but all he said was,
"BAAAAAAAAH..."


 -POPeye

                           JackBoot*GT Feb96

Standard TalkShow MediaSpew regurgitated an interesting fact which went
virtually unnoticed last week, the pedestrian fate of personal subjects in
'the Land of the Huh?'

A gentleman by the name of Rogers had the bad luck of being born the
brother of  serial killer, Glen Edward Rogers. The former was a guest on a
daytime TV shameFest. One of the interchangeable hostDogs asked Mr.Rogers
how his brother managed to do only 11mos. behind bars with ten violent
felonies to his credit, including a conviction following an attack on his
own mother with a baseball bat. Mr.Rogers  said of his brother that Glen
was sick, a cruel and violent psychopath, a well-known fact in their
hometown and to local "law enforcement", and should have remained
incarcerated from his initial ultraViolent criminal acts. But according to
Mr. Rogers, Glen Edward managed to remain a free man, preying on our
daughters and sisters through the  cooperation of his fellow freaks in
Narko division. It seems that his services as an undercover informant for
the local stormTroopers were simply indispensable... messy details
surrounding violent psychotic attacks on women were easily overlooked in
light of his vital function as a punk snitch and drugWar hero. Glen Edward
Rogers had killed his 73yr old roomate then started off on a wild cross
country murder spree before his partners   in Ohio Vice reaized their boy
may be a little rash.... too late,  he was outa there...


Collusion between so-called "law-enforcement" officials and the criminally
insane in service of the fictitious drugWar action/adventure series raises
a hell of a lot of ethical questions... Of course, our "free press" or
"liberal media" dare not raise these questions, so what the fuck, why
bother here.... We ain't gonna worry 'bout dat!

The situation certainly does warrant a practical overview, though...
considering the ramifications of a multi-faceted attack on the population
by both the state and their twisted psychopathic criminal allies, (the
private sector?) issued liscense to mayhem.

Why they do that?

-Releasing violent criminals aids the state in spreading fear and terror,
taking some of the load off of overworked domestic paramilitary forces
masquerading as law enforcement.

-The spread of fear and terror along with the effect of driving up the
crime rate,  (which has been inconveniently falling over the last 10 years,
also illicit drug abuse peaked in the 70's) aids the propaganda campaign
for more funding for more domestic troops and more weaponry and more
prisons and fat profits all around at taxpayer's expense. (Beats workin'
for a living,  it's rough out there in a free market economy!)  Of course
this also results in massive human rights violations, further stripping of
the judicial system into a lean and mean railroad machine, flailing the
remaining shreds of that good ole  US Constitution.. gone interactive...and
other foul acts of blatant Treason, as well as eliminating the need for the
State to waste resources tracking and housing violent offenders by simply
recruiting them.

Other Big Brother factors come into play

Glen Rogers was already a felon 10 times over. If the role of so-called
"law enforcement" agencies is to felonize the largest possible segment of
the civilian population, their interest in Rogers is marginal. A felonized
population(that doesn't roll over) has fewer rights than citizens of North
Korea, are closely monitored and frequently returned to jail when
populations fall below overCrowding quotas. A citizenry in constant fear of
felonization does not raise much hell and can be expected to lick boots on
cue. Removing violent repeat offenders from the prison system (or County I
would assume in this case) frees up cellSpace for 'fresh meat'. If freed
psychopaths can then be utilized in the State's felonization campaigns, the
efficiency of the system, and relentlessness of the attack reaches peak
performance.

Baaa Baaaah White Sheep,

Let's pretend for a moment that we've learned something from recent
historical events.... ha ha ha ha ha ha ha... that's a good one!
Well..... just for the sake of argument, OK?

 Whenever the slobbering, inbred US-elite put on their little army helmets,
start waving their arms around in superlative fashion, sashaying macho in
public like a bunch of Nazi leatherBoys,or dancing the jingo in drag on a
J.Edgar Saturday Night , calling in favors from the hired help in the
political TalkShow, declaring another WAR on who or whatever, you can bet
on one thing for sure... the object is not to win... just to keep the
motherfucker going as long as possible. The hotShot Amerikan bankers and
pinkBoys who hire the Columbians that fly in from Bolivia are in no more
danger of being rousted by the brownShirts at DEA or Customs than Sadaam
Hussein was threatened by the GeorgieBoy CIA or the entire US military
strike force. It's all about hiredHands, dogs, feeding time, and a
no-biting policy. And it doesn't matter from which end the fish rots,
these agencies are created to protect the interests of Global FatAss
PinkBoys no matter which hand they happen to be playing at the time.

 the WAR MUST GO ON!!

aaaaaand oooooooooon.

 When the cost of this drugWar finally outweighs the benefits for the
parasitic domestic-military/industrial complex, Walter Cronkite will
appear,  visit Oakland or North Philly,  declare the whole thing immoral
and pointless.... suddenly, the 'drug problem' will evaporate.... whether
or not you and I are strung out, fucked over, rotting in jail, or cut up
and shoved in a 55 gallon drum by some psycho undercover for  the Ohio
Wolverine Narkos.

But the end is far.... far as I can tell....the current maneuvers are
profitable moneyWise,  an excellent tool for subverting constitutional
democracy, i.e. furthering the totalitarian agenda in the 48 contiguous
occupied territories , and are a long, long way from wrecking the economy
or cutting into the heavy conGame action that the real FATboy poweRangers
dream up for the taxPot at Laurence Livermore or LosAlamos.... and that's
if the multinational thugs who hire the Washington GameShow hosts even give
a fuck about the Amerikan market anymore.

The trick is to find a way to drive the cost into the red,  so the heat
will find a new kickDog, the media will celebrate the war's end, in
victory, enlightenment, truce, peace or neverHappened.

But until then, keep sawin' off that 12gauge till it fits in your old
lady's purse and make sure your daughter can handle a semi-automatic before
puberty, 'cuz the way the warGame is playing out these days, they're all
alone on the street, and the cages are being opened for the price of
betrayal.

Eat the Rich
if you're hungry...
If not,
leave them for me

I make a mean Tycoon Gumbo

POPeye

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
{:-D> {:-)> {:-|> {:-\> {:-(> {:-@>   *   <@-:} <)-:} </-:} <|-:} <(-:}
<Q-:}
 ..............................JackBoot*GT Aug'96............................
   ===========================================================================

 You don't have to spend the required stoopification time threshold
engulfed in midstream mediaSpew to experience the fantastic voyage. Just
close your mind and let them 'take you away'



"Most people are too dumb to think for themselves, they believe what they
hear on the Television."-Charles Barkley on Larry King: 6-31-96. Sir
Charles never had a problem getting in touch with his inner upFrontness...
Self Actualized in Alabama and doesn't give a fuck what YOU think. But
then, he's got enough money where he doesn't have to, and I'm happy for him.


        On the other hand, we infoSnobs remain holier by virtue of our
access to the  'True Facts' (TM) where they reside in the superlative
clarity of CyberSpace. We can be distinguished from the common broadcast
media-educated rabble by our well-informed demeanor and hard-earned air of
academic and political infallibility.

        We Quote Chomsky and Chiapans but it is rare  that we waste
precious onLine time amongst ourselves analyzing the pop Media.  We have
transcended this plane and hardly give it a thought... Examining the
wreckage of the vast wasteland is to reveal a certain sentimentality,  a
twitchy infatuation with a lost cause. The terminally stoopid dittoHeads
and knee-jerk liberals who insist on wasting bandwidth debating the endless
drivel of Fat-assed media mutations like Rush, the CrossFire Girls, or
Washing the Week in Review... as if these slobbering bootlickers
represented anything other than a tasty meal at a clan Bar-B-Q in the
post-apocolyptic American OutBack... well,  the terminally brainWashed will
always be with us, like the poor and computerless, they can be safely
ignored.

  Since the coming of the New Age of Communication and it's associated
World Order, there is no need to founder in the turbulent waters of doubt
or fall victim to the onslaught of the spin Doctors... we have the cold
academic facts at our WebSide.... The wisdom of our Universities,  archives
of timeless wisdom.  The events of the day appear alongside the plain
thoughts of our fellow citizens.... the pulse of Amerika, unfettered human
discourse and common man's access to pure data.

        And of course, all you seasoned Neterans KNOW what I'm talkin'
about... You KNOW about the InfoHuhway and Know that I'm Spreading Spam in
shameless slimy Slabs of water-logged byProduct.... Actually the fuckin NET
is so overwhelmed with pure lies and mutant agendas that you need a fuckin
T-1 connect to navigate the depths of ludicrous regurgitations spewed from
any signboard/search engine with timely efficiency.  Since HTML,  the
sediment has grown deeper as every two-bit information fabricator has their
shot at manufacturing consent.

        I did a WEB search on <Methamphetamine> just to see what a cleaned
up WebStalker,  in search of some righteous bytes would encounter
researching one of the Amerikan Republicratic's fresh targets. I might as
well have been researching Jewish Traditions at the MAIN
BRANCH:BERLIN:1938. There was plenty of information, but it didn't make
that solid thump you hear when data or a footnoted journal article slams
the drive cylinder,  more like the tink and fizzle of an overworked boiling
flask passing away at 300C,  and these creepish sounds are followed
inevitably by an overwhelming stench of death.

 Not surprisingly, the closer to the primary source of
consumption/excretion, the deeper the SHIT.... The MotherLode of SPAM is of
course the Occupying Forces encamped in Washington and their digital hubris
radiates out through CorpAmerica, ORG.org.com, the traditional Academic
Sludge Manifolds, University Discount Suit distributers, and other
pseudoEducational indoctrination Outlets. Countless studies have not shown
that an excess of 4 years  University exposure can lead to irreversible
brain damage. Of course not, the days when researchers anayzed their own
methodology ended in the 60's. It's all Big Business and the Grant System
these days, just give 'em the money and the results, the proper research
techniques and statistical analyses will be applied to produce the data
requested on the 'Grant Invoice Form no 2257666'.

   But where there is emphasis on downsizing gov't and spending cuts,
especially on education and non-military research, the best line of attack
on the Amerikan citizenry is simply to choose 'soft targets' like children,
poor working folks, poor poor folks, dope heads, immigrants, etc. In these
cases it is not necessary to fabricate academic particulars. You just lie
your fucking ass off, then overwhelm any dissent by sheer volume of
Bullshit. The NET has quickly succumb as another tool of bullshit
distribution where 99%  of the discourse and resources concerning political
and social topics have no basis in rational thought or careful analysis.
If you don't believe me, pick your own 'hot topic' where your views run
counter to Amerikan Doktrine, and rev up your favorite search engine....
then try to access professional or academic journal information and see
what you get.

        In defense of the obvious, I shall offer you the following 'data' I
have uncovered in my 'research' of the METH subject as it is written in the
hallowed bytes of Amerikan CyberLand.


We shall begin with outright propaganda excreted from the Senatorial
Orifices of a  professional Liar, the dishon. Sen. Diane Fienstoin, (D).
Nat. Soc. Republik of Kal. with, (drum roll, please) "Diane, show the folks
what's behind Door #2!"

                  The Methamphetamine Control Act of 1996



>S.1607
>
>SPONSOR: Sen Feinstein , (introduced 03/12/96)
>
>RELATED BILL(S): H.R.3067
>
>STATUS: Floor Actions
>
>***NONE***
>
>STATUS: Detailed Legislative History
>
>                                Senate Action(s)
>
>Mar 12, 96:
>       Read twice and referred to the Committee on Judiciary.

*http://thomas.loc.gov/cgi-bin/bdquery <S. 1607>


>The production and abuse of the narcotic methamphetamine...

only a system based on ignorance and gutter stoopidity would convert a
pharmaceutical term to a legal category where Methamphetamine is considered
a goddamn 'NARCOTIC' !!

 >.....have reached epidemic proportions in California, fast becoming the
"crack" of the 1990s.

>FACT: The DEA has identified California as a "source country" of
>>methamphetamine, much like Colombia is for cocaine,....

                                      (SNIP)

METHamphetamine is to 'CRACK' as Manuel Noriega is to Adolph Hitler... this
precious little gambit is utilized by authoritarian misinformants of the
Goebbel Village ad nauseum. It involves placing the target population in
the correct context whereby they can be eliminated.

>
>Methamphetamine Control Act of 1996 - Amends the Controlled Substances Act
>to >provide that any chemical supply house that, after having been
>provided a >warning within the past ten years sells a listed chemical to a
>person who uses >or intends or attempts to use the listed chemical, or who
>causes the listed >chemical to be used  or attempted to be used, to
>manufacture or produce >methamphetamine, shall:
> (1) be subject to a civil penalty of not more than $250,000; or
> (2) for a second violation, be ordered to cease the production and sale
>of any >chemicals.

UnFuckingBelieveable... Note that it is NOT stated: "... (KNOWINGLY) sells
a listed chemical..."

in other words, all American Businees people who deal in chemical
distribution are responsible for the use of chemicals FOREVER... Why
aren't the Kalifornia Gangsters who distribute Hi-Tech Military Weapons to
an International market of Bloodthirsty Warlords held to these standards?
I hope  Princess Diane will at least offer gov't funded E-Mail access to
various onLine Psychic Friends Networks to Chemical distributers to support
the mandatory presentience decrees.

                          Stay tuned for MORE FACTS!
>
>Facts About Methamphetamine
>
>Methamphetamine, also known as "speed" or "crank," is a narcotic which is
>highly addictive, much cheaper than cocaine....

                         (SNIP)

It comes as no surprise that niether Princess Diane nor her Reich Staffers
know any Black Folks and are still paying 1970 pinkBoy prices for Coke.
For everybody else, the price of 100% METH is roughly 3 times that of 100%
Coke at any quantity within the occupied territories formerly known as the
USA.

But maybe they know this,
         and are just LYING



>Methamphetamine's street value is as little
>as $3,000 per pound (about the size of a brick), while the price of
>cocaine is >roughly $11,000 per pound. (SNIP)

...and the size of a cinder block.  What can I say about the above?  Both
prices are fucking WAY OFF... pure fantasy.  'Street Value' is a
Konspiracy term used to inflate prices to their maximum and refers to the
retail cost of user quantity divisions. If we use a sixteenth as the
standard, and assume fair market price,  $11,000 for coke is close but
high, METH would be around $25,000. The respective prices of 1 lb
quantities,  ('wholesale' or 'dealer' prices) are currently in the
neighborhood of Coke=$4K, Meth=$10K.

But maybe they know this,
         and are just LYING


>Methamphetamine comes in multiple forms and can be smoked, snorted or
>injected.

NOOOOO, Meth comes in ONE form which can be smoked, snorted or injected.

Are you ready for the Wonderful World of Self Contradiction?  Princess
Diane, show them what's behind the Curtain...

>The price of methamphetamine is largely determined by the availability of
>>ephedrine, a key ingredient. Regulation of ephedrine,
>and its resulting unavailability, has increased its wholesale price.

To what? $3500?!!  Princess Diane's crank connects are so fucking good, I
wouldn't think she'd be upset with a little inflation

> As a result, industrious drug traffickers have switched to a less
>regulated and more economic substitute, pseudoephedrine. This change will
>>ultimately reduce the cost of methamphetamine.

We're still waitin' for the $3000/lb deal around here. But while we wait,
here's some more 'FACTS' about Violence and Death...


>
>Violence and Death: Methamphetamine's Fatal Results

(SNIP)

>Nearly 3,000 methamphetamine users entered drug treatment centers in 1994
>alone in the southern San Francisco Bay and San Diego regions, the
>Washington >Post reports.


Some of the wealthiest regions in the Occupied Territories.... For those of
you not familiar with how the Criminals in the Justice Dept operate, Drug
Treatment Centers are where the 'well-off' are deferred to on first,
second, third, fourth, and fifth drug and related offences. The rest of us
get mandatory sentences and are subject to the 'two strikes, shoot back'
provisions installed by current political Criminals.

>
>CONTRA COSTA COUNTY
>
>Local law enforcement report methamphetamine was a factor in 89 percent of
>>domestic disputes in Contra Costa County.

In Contra Costa County, you can pay anyone to say anything, I know this to
be a fact, and you should, too. The Notorious Contra Costa Crime Family
under the Reagan Occupation included many common cuthroats and notable
traitors like Ed Meese.

>
>SAN BERNARDINO
>
>360 methamphetamine labs were identified and closed down in 1995 alone.

Sounds like they have some sort of hang-up about killing snitches in San
Berdoo,  but I doubt it.... this is a place where notions about civil
liberties are still mutated into 'sum kinduh comminiss plot' by the locals,
the cops have a HUGE attitude, still riding on 50's glory when they ran the
'Red & White' out of town and into Oakland, speaking of Okies. You have to
wonder what the term 'identified' actually means, if ANY laws were observed
by ANYBODY while this many people were being set-up.... You can be sure
that this type of Police State is what Di-Yann and the ruling Republicratic
Deconstructionists will bring into all the occupied territories.

>ORANGE COUNTY
>
>More than 100 people were arrested for manufacturing....(SNIP)

Fuck it, for a good laugh you can read the Kalifornia Komix later... Let's
see what else they can think up....


>How Methamphetamine is Made: It's Easy
>
>Methamphetamine production does not require huge growing fields or
>>sophisticated >technology. It can be cooked up by just....(SNIP)

Yeah, yeah... my sister-in-law does it in her bra during lunch hour in the
bathroom in City Hall


> pseudoephedrine, found in many over-the-counter
>medicines, which can be processed to remove the buffers and produce ephedrine.

                  (SNIP)

PRODUCE Ephedrine?  Interesting. I thought they CONTAINED PSEUDOephedrine
which was substituted for ephedrine...

But maybe they know this,
         and are just LYING


>Hydriotic acid is a chemical necessary to manufacture methamphetamine.
>While >hydriotic acid is strictly controlled, it can be easily created by
>combining >two ingredients -- red phosphorous and iodine -- which are not
>uniformly >regulated.


Helpful hints to the kiddies at home from More Fucking Idiots who can't
spell Hydriodic... These kids didn't have a clue about explosive fun with
Ammonium Nitrate and Kerosene till the Doo-Dahs at the Fed-Head used the
Yes-Boys on the Tee-Vee at the Okie-Dokie Corral to disseminate Bomb Making
Info into every household in Amerika.... And then they turn around and try
to bust OUR chops for  fun forums  on the NET!  Fuck 'em. May they all be
captured and forced to perform with over-endowed, underAge, illegal
immigrants in Homosexual Kiddie-Porn Snuff Movies.



>
>INTERNATIONAL CHEMICAL CONTROLS
>This legislation would express the sense of the Congress that
>>ephedrine->producing countries, such as China, should obtain approval
>from the >Mexican government for shipments of methamphetamine-producing
>chemicals to Mexico.

Of course, the free-trading pinkBoys at Global Megacorp US div. get Mexican
permission for EVEYTHING THEY do.

And now, boys'n'girls we get to the driving force behind the Centralized
Occupation Gov't's forced takeover of the Justice System from the States.

>CRIMINAL PENALTIES

Just look at it from their point of view. "We've got the Niggers by the
balls, they're fucked, if they're not already behind bars, they're in 'the
system' and stripped of all rights, or laying low and scared to make a
move... Felons can't vote and the One Party system discourages those who
can,  prisoners can't revolt. When the 'Crack Epidemic' ceases to produce
the proper 'citizen to inmate' conversion within the limits of credibility,
the slack will be more than taken up. Starving children steal. So we keep
the Job oppurtunities out of the cities,  continue Police attacks with Drug
Sweep tactics,  revoke welfare payments, and continue time honored support
of innerCity price gouging, bloodSucking slum rental, and redlining by
banks and insurance companies... It works.... They're felonized,
controlled, monitored and fucked. When they're shot on sight, nobody
notices but 'them'... and we WANT them to notice.

Now it's time to take aim at the White Trash, who are much more prone to
revolt and outrage... They think they OWN this country and unlike the
coloreds, are not instilled with the proper fear of their Masters...
Rather than manufacture another panic, it's best to build on the
established tactics while the machine is still in place. Invent another
drug-epidemic, (real stats show illicit drug use is down since the '70's)
and use the DEA and Police as the primary attacking force. Stir up a scare
about militiaNuts so the ATF can flank and new Firearm laws can facillitate
further paramilitary siezures and violence. If they try to organize,
resist or dissent,  the new anti-terrorist provisions are already in place
and non-specific enough to extend into any judicial areas where the
Constitution formerly provided obstructions to Federal assault on the
domestic population, where rights to assembly and collective resitance once
held.

Now why the fuck would our Flag-waving, civil servants do this to us loyal
workingClass pinkBoys? You might ask..... Because your fucking job with
Global Megacorp, is scheduled for a South American relocation. The
Kongressional hired hands have been cultivated and employed for election by
powers whose interests are strictly global, and the main concern is in
maintaining ORDER and protecting the property and investments just long
enough for them to be dismantled, diversified or spent. During this
critical interim period, it is ESSENTIAL that political dissent is stifled
or diluted, pluralism neutralized, and by all means, another crazed Blood
and Fire American Revolution averted. At least till the Boss has pulled up
stakes and left another miserable third world disaster of chaos, violence,
hunger and pain in his wake.

If this is not so,  then please offer your OWN explanation as to why the
Constitution has been revoked by the pasty-face punks sworn to uphold it.
And why the US Occupied Territories imprison the largest segment of their
population on Earth, while the spineless drown the words and thoughts which
founded the first Modern Democratic Republic in their pathetic screeching
for more caps,  prisons and national security.

So here it is, submitted for your approval, more proposed State violence
and coercion.

>Specifically, the legislation will:
>
>    1.Double the maximum criminal penalty for possession above the
>threshold >amount set by law of chemicals designated as "List I" or as an
>essential >chemical identified under the Chemical Diversion and
>Trafficking Act -- such as >ephedrine, pseudoephedrine, hydriotic acid and
>large quantities of iodine.
>

And last but not least, this one is so fucking STOOPID and arbitrary that
it defies explanation all together.

>    2.Increase the maximum criminal penalty for those who possess
>equipment >intended to manufacture methamphetamine from four to ten years.
>Such equipment >includes a triple-neck, round bottom flask and other
>specialized equipment that
>has no purpose other than to make methamphetamine.

Uhhhhhhhh, hey, beavis, uhhhhhhh...



*<http://www.senate.gov/member/ca/feinstein/general/meth.html
 - size 10K - 3 May 96>



And this is just the FIRST WebPage on a Keyword search... It gets weirder...

to be continued...

-POPeye
