[POPeye ADC Posts Part 1-5]  


PART 1: Why the Bad Speed?
==========================

.... so what's the incentive to keep it clean?  I'll tell you.  These
nearSighted bunko SpeedFreak streetDealers are exactly the same skum who
will roll over on you when they get busted.  So no matter how necessary
they seem to your economic survival at the time,  just don't deal with
stoopid greedy counterClockwise idoits.... Fuck 'em.  Fuck 'em all!!  Let
them go somewhere else, tell them you've cleaned up and retired, start
talking twelve step doctrine till they flee in terror, or better yet, score
a tacky suit from the GOODWILL and start chasing the bastards down on the
streets with Jehovah Witness magazines in hand... anything... just run
those freaks out of your life before it's too late.

  Goddamn it, if you're gonna be a fucking criminal in the `Land of the
Huh?' and deal in the dangerous treachery of SpeedCrazy felons and
cut-throats, it is VITAL that you maintain your righteousness, cuz when the
shit gets wierd, and the carpet begins to slip out from under you, THAT"S
ALL YOU'VE GOT !! And you're gonna need it.  If you're for real, your
chances of slippin out the backdoor,  and retiring a marked, but free man,
2500 miles from the scene of your crimes is a whole lot better than if
you've been slummin' snitchin' or greedy.  And you may seem like you are
all alone sometimes, and that none of your good deeds have gone unpunished,
but take my word for it, there are others out there, and they will all tell
you that it's a rare, but recognized thing, even the cops will give you a
break sometimes or your KARMA will cash in at the last minute when you need
it the most.... but take my word for it, there is a SENSE of honor and
HEART, and we all know what it is, it has nothing to do with GOD, Law or
Culture, it is NOT a code, I can't spell it out for you, and I don't HAVE
to, we all know what I'm talkin' about... Find your own way of relating to
it, and  hang in there.


PART 2: The guy under the bridge
================================

...........................................................................
                 Who is that ugly guy under the bridge,
                and why does he ask such wierd questions?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
In our last segment, we identified some of the pollutants or more
specifically, CRAP that we might find in our alleged Methamphetamine and
touched on the effects they might have upon injestion, but that was nothing
really, it does not touch on the real meat of your inquiry as to why the
different types of highs or high substitutes.   Any glorp could have
figured that shit out, given time.  I mean, really.  Having shot-up perhaps
a gallon of Acetone over the years, one would hope that he could finally
link the taste to the smell to the cross-eyed wooziness at some point.
Despite the damage done by the drug-solvent combinations, it's a simple
Watsonian type of learning response, eh?  Not all that impressive.

But there is much more to it,  it gets pretty complicated, perhaps even
what we sometimes refer to as `highFalootin', it is propitious that I, Dr.
Thaddius POPeye, have just the right educayshunal background,
calibrated-scientific degrees, as well as the necessary interactive
flexvoCabulary to explain these things in such a way that they may be
understood by someone who still has plenty of brain cells.

To begin with, we need some notion of just how psychoactive drugs work.  To
understand that, we need a fully comprehensive, total understanding of the
human Central Nervous System... No problem, it's actually VERY simple and I
think I can cover what is now known, as well as a few things the science
guys haven't quite grasped , in a few paragraphs.

It's a system which utilizes both electrical and chemical activity, or what
we call in hyphenated-grammatical science, electro-chemical.

The electrical part is made up of nerve cells and they are just wires that
conduct electricity.  Drugs don't react with this part.  Things that have
an effect on this part of the system would be like meat cleavers, bullets,
and external electrical feeds... and perhaps very powerful magnetic fields.
This is why those guys who put powerful magnets under their hats are so
goofy.

The nerve cells are strung together with synapses, the chemical part (see
fig 1) each synapse is a miniature chemical system...as the signal passes
through the synapse it becomes vulnerable to amplification, distortion,
elimination, colorization, etc. by other chemicals which have been
introduced into the larger system by trauma, fatigue, excitation, or
design.  This is the place where the drugs do their thing.

The synapses are made up of receptor sites and.....


ummmmmmmmm...

jumperthings.  The jumperthings are essentially just plain old chemical
compounds with hard-to-remember names.



                        fig.1                A diagram of the CNS

                              ~ ~
                              O O
                               v
                               Q
                         W    _|_          0 black lines  = nerve cells
                          \  / | \         O white spaces = synapses
                           \/  |  \
                               |   \
                               |    \
                              / \    M
                             /   \
                            /     \
                           |       \
                           |        \
                          _|         \_


When Dr.POPeye was at University, before all these computers and ball point
pens, there were only 4 types of synaptic chemical jumperthings. Since
then, there may have been advances in the field of neurology and there
could be more now, the human body quickly adapts to scientific progress and
will evolve physical characteristics in a very short time in order to
resolve any such inconsistencies and remain current with contemporary
anatomical dogma.
  Lets see if I can remember the elements of the old standard four-banger
synaptic receptor-chemical configuration.
1. Seradrenacholadopanin
2.......uhhhhhhh
3. lemme think
4. mmmmmmmmm...

I sorta forget the other ones, but the names are not that important, and
there's only a few things to know really.  The receptors are little locks
and the chemical jumperthings are little keys.  If you know about how taste
buds work, that's it.  You got it.

And then there's things in there, or that you can put in there, that work
for or against the chemical jumperthings.  One would be like Lock-Ease, and
the other like rust, and sometimes like breaking the key off in the lock or
Nutra Sweet... well, you get the idea, anyway.

 The resultant terminology is logical enough, fr'instance, let's say we're
dealing with the religious portion of the brain. And let's say #3 chemical
jumper which I can't remember, is referred to as a Chrystal jumperthing.
 So it's like when you're having a dream about being in a cartoon, and
there's a devil guy on one shoulder and an angel guy on the other.  Okay,
lets say those shoulder guys are drugs, the angel guy would be a Chrystian
drug, or Chryst enhancer, the devil guy would be a Chryst inhibitor or
anti-Chryst.
 And then there's some more lingo about synaptic imposters that look and
act like jumperthings, so all of a sudden you have a shitLoad of them in
there, or what we call a rich mixture in carbeuration theory which tends to
make things happen faster or more often, and result in what we might think
of as `spun', or `fuckin' zoomin', man', not unlike the lock-ease effect
which can cause run-on sentences.  Other synaptic poseurs can look like
jumperthings and fit the locks but don't do anything, they just block the
signal from the genuine jumperthings which comes in handy if the genuine
jumperthing is trying to convey some signal like PAIN or YogiSpam.  This
model eventually leads to an endless stream of related vocabulary and
hyphenated-grammatical terminology like uptake, re-uptake, dan-blockers,
uptake re-inhibitor, etc. etc. but all that stuff is just common sense.
And that's all there is to it.

Beyond the Western Scientific constricts of analysis, we refer to this
model as a particle model.  It fits some of the observable data and much of
the limited pinkBoy causal worldView, but falls short of explaining the
more interesting effects of drugExcursion, or even some things as simple as
how aspirin works.  For these discussions we would have to explore the Wave
Model of CNS activity, which incorporates the electrical parts of the
system and wierd NewAgeType aural traditions, or the Unified Field Theory
which integrates the entire universe as an extension of the system... but
you either already know what I'm talking about, or you're confused, perhaps
incredulous... At this point in time, there has been no crossing back and
forth across THAT line and nothing I can say or do will change that.

But Full-on cranking is, for the most part, just a faster, hornier,
desperate and twisted run accross the more familiar dimensional landscape,
and this primitive model will do just fine for our purposes.


PART 3: GodKnowsWhat, Pro's and AwHKAL
======================================

In <ADC1:NastyFasty> your initial inquiries involved different products,
their varied effects, potency, and so on.  I am guessing that these
descriptions are of product procured from the Drug Resistance or `black
market' as it is referred to by dichotomists, politicians, propagandists,
and various other custodians of the `Naughty or Nice' partition.

As a point of interest, an example and prelude to this segment of the
discussion, I shall describe just two of the products resultant from
alleged methamphetamine manufacture that I have had the dubious distinction
of sampling before they were abandoned as  unfit for the questionable
standards of the speed marketplace.

GodKnowsWhat#1   Oily brown, methSmell&Taste, mp in range, water sol....
4-6hr duration... numbing effect best described as a cross between valium
and morphine. This stuff was the product of an inferior and bumpy
distillation of the P2P (impure)... which was nevertheless  reacted with
methylamine, al.foil, mercuric chloride in the usual sort of way..... weird
stuff and a good pain killer... no stimulation effect whatsoever.

GodKnowsWhat#2   White, powdery, wrong smell, weird taste, water sol... 30
minute duration... extremely potent stimulant but totally devoid of any
motivational effect,  raised blood pressure with flushing, translucent
anxiety,  flashbulbs, jittery but no jaw clenching, no anorexic effect, not
too unpleasant but very boring.  Produced no desire for more.... product of
an Hi/P reduction of ephedrine under slight pressure.

These are two extremes, they by no means cover even the limited field of
experience POPeye has had with GodKnowsWhat production and leave out other
interesting variables like mild psychedelic effects and dark moody stuff.

The point is, what the basement chemHack, or high production Mexican
speedLab is trying to make, ain't necessarily what they get... and there is
a near infiniity of realWorld variables under these conditions, especially
taking into consideration some of the following:

-the chemHack may have an understanding of chemical processing on a level
with mine, yours, or Pat Buchanan's.
-his equipment NEEDS WORK
-some of his precursors may have been procured on the Black Market from
skumbags,  are contaminated, deliberatly `watered down' or spoiled, etc...
`Reagents' from ACE hardware or industrial solvent distributers can often
be a problem.

multiply this list by 100, square that number... this would be the short
list of variables and their possible combinations which could make a
reaction or subsequent procedures get weird on you.

Also check out a decent intro to chemistry book, they tell you right in the
first chapter that when they say:
 A + B + heat = 25%C & 75%D
what they really mean is:
 under ideal conditions, A + B + heat will usually yield percentages in the
neighborhood of 20%C & 70%D and 10%MysteryGlop

then read CHAOS by James Gliche for more permutations and utter confusion.

And yet it does NOT take a PhD Chemist, hotShot chemical processor, or an
experienced pro to produce Meth...  It can be done by winging it, and often
is,  But it DOES take a real pro to know when things are not quite right,
and what to do about it... and just like anything else, this sort of
knowledge comes only from experience and incite.

 What is a real pro?

Most of the speed on the market is produced in quantity.  The `pro' is not
necessarily a chemist, and vice versa.  Just because you can whip up a
quarter ounce of clean,  allegedly pure, ass-kicking crystal on the
midnight shift at the University chemLab does NOT mean that you can just
puff things up and start producing pounds.  When these processes are scaled
up, virtually everything changes.  And the equipment/glass&hardware is
custom stuff, which the pro must then fashion to the needs of the specific
reactions... he is part steam fitter, heating-refrigeration man, mechanic,
inventor/designer, electrician, ventilation expert, glass worker, and
welder. He KNOWS about safety contingencies and how to put out fires.  The
chemistry end is easy by comparison and what the pro becomes is an expert
chemical processor, adept at a few specific reactions, not a chemist.
These are the guys who produce the high grade stuff. It's more about
blueCollars and toolboxes than labCoats and libraries.   But there is a
real high turnover, so most of the stuff is produced by notQuites who
haven't really nailed it yet... and that's why there is no consistency in
the speed market, which is demand driven... and I would imagine that to
some extent, this would apply to the ECKS market, and perhaps others, as
well.

..............................................................................
                   who IS this Shulgin fellow, and why
                   is that guy still under the bridge?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
~~
POPeye sez:  You do not have to understand PiHKAL partII to appreciate it.
AwHKAL is awesome.   He is the anti-Pandora.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
  AwHKAL and his work is pretty well known on this corner of USEnet, and is
a good way for us to examine anal lcogs, first cousins, stereo isometrics,
grandfather claws,  unexpected hallucinations, isomers and all those other
`highFalootin' theorhetical chemistry thingamajigs that are critical to
understanding why there is more to this discussion than dilution with
vitamin B-3  and leftover industrial solvent by-products, and helps to
explain notions like `purity is to clean, as honor is to loyalty.'

Briefly what AwHKAL does, is study those odd molecular stick diagrams
corresponding to selected, interesting drug particles.  When one takes the
time to do this, one discovers that drugs which produce very different
effects, or buzzes as they are often referred to, are actually quite
similar in the stick diagram enviornment.  Or so I have heard. AwHKAL does
a comparative study of these drawings, then says to himself,  "Hmmmmm, if I
took the Methyl group on this crank molecule, put it on the alpha-bits,
like that bannadine split-configuration, then moved Ethyl over here, and
put Fred on top of Lucy, I wonder what Ricky would say?"


Then he goes to his library, or computer, and searches each arduous
chemical procedure necessary to achieve said reconfiguration.  Goes into
his TOTALLY LEGAL, but nevertheless, underground drugLab, and crosses the
diamond with the pearl,  salts it out and starts nibbling.  I'm not sure
about his success rates, but I gather that most of these experiments yield
inert compounds. Others yield  neurotoxins, siezure inducing whiteKnuckled
jawClenchers,  stoopifiers,  stuff only a serial killer would like,
drowsers and so on.  Occasionally he hits on one that will really blow your
cosmic skirt up,  put wings on your wang, or plug you into that illusive,
wordFree innerspace where everything finally makes sense on your own terms.
THEN, he takes a pocket full of it over to the Bohemian Club and tries it
out on some of the boys from the State Dept. and sometimes even the DEA
politickers if they've had a few Martinis (Talk about casting pearls before
swine!)  If it straightens those guys out for an hour or so, he figures
it's safe enough in humans (besides himself)... and throws a party at the
house... which would have been perfect except for some asshole blazing up
and down Mt. Diablo all day on a Triumph with straight pipes... heh  heh !
Despite this, a good time is had by all, notes are taken, freak outs
extremely rare, and a cool new drug is born... and IMMEDIATELY OUTLAWED,
those are the breaks when playing by the rules... I suspect there may be
some `lag time' in there for the really good ones, though.  THEN, the sly
rascal sells the patents to the CIA or chemical weapons guys at the Wedgie
Arse Anal, where likely, he cashes in on the neurotoxins and serial killer
stuff as well.

  Why is that guy laughing so hard on the way to the bank?

 The coolest thing about AwHKAL is that he's published his work and
procedures [PiHKAL] in terms that even I can almost grasp... so if you're
wondering why he's laughing so hard, you COULD try your hand at alchemy and
find out for yourself!  Just don't get caught!

Like I said, AwHKAL is awesome, he hangs with the heavies and has 'em
spinnin' every which way, all to his gentle smiling tune*, he's got ALL the
good drugs, doesn't need 5 million bucks, and nobody fucks with him except
the occasional shithead from OSHA who is no doubt lookin for another job at
this point.


PART 4: Cooking with Harry
========================== 

OK. Let's say that you have just recieved the Harry Skinner (aka Harcourt
Fenton Mudd) topSecret recipe for the Hi/P reduction of ephedrine synthesis
Of Methamphetamine.... gee, it's only about a half a page long,  xyz was
right, this is really a cinch... of course you KNOW it has to work, you
paid $1500 for it... it's GAIR OHN TEAD !

Off you go to WAL-Mart to buy all the topNotch stainless steel cookware,
plastic funnels, candy thermometer, flour sifter, whisk, cakepan, drain
opener, stoppin' by Home Club on the way back for some driveway cleaner,
vinyl tubing, copper fittings, starting fluid and furniture stripper, and
don't forget the Handyman's friend, a dozen rolls of duct tape!

You get home, lock the doors, load up the sawed off shotGun, and you're
ready to cook some crank!

Now, EVEN THOUGH, you have the FOOLproof recipe, a temperature controlled
sealed burner stove from Kenmore and all the above mentioned, state of the
art technology at your fingertips.... STILL... things MIGHT go wrong.

I will have to resort to some rather technical, scientific notation to
illustrate my point here... you can skip over this stuff if it's too
complicated, but you SHOULD try to follow me on this if possible, fig 2
represents what you are attempting to achieve:






Hydriodic
  Acid   + l-ephedrine + P + sautee 2hrs =  pure d-methamphetamine
 o
                         p
 \o  /         ~-~~          \  \             `-''
  \o/          O\O       :   /  /         o   O\O
   |            ~       .   \  \              ~
 h===i          Q       .             \o  /   U
          L    _|_      _._             \o/   _|_        fig.2
           \  / | \                      |\  //|/\
            \/  |  \                   d===\/ \|\ \
                |   \                         /|/  \
                |    \                         |    \
               / \    E                       /p\    m
              /   \                          / . \
             /     \                        /  :  \
            |       \                      |  .   \
            |        \                     |        \
           _|         \_                  _|  _._    \_

but before we start pouring martinis, snarfling rails and pissing on
ourselves, perhaps we should scrutinize our product a little more carefully
with the aid of POPeye's Magical Microscope...

and while we're at it, maybe review our synthesis to see if we've
overlooked any details.

First of all,  due to forces yet unexplained, we know that the
electromagnetic field generated by the high resistance electric heating
coil on the stove can create havoc if one is trying to rearrange those
electrically charged bonding doohickey's nearby, like in a chemical
reaction. So it's a good bet we've got some mutated molecules somewhere....
let's take a look  (fig.3)

yup, just as I thought, looky here:

            ( _ )
             O\O
              ~
              U         fig. 3
             _|_
            //|/\
           / \|\ \
           \ /|/  \
            \,|    \
             <b\   Mn
            /   \
           /     \
          |       \
          |        \
         _|         \_

obviously some sort of aphrodesiac, some of these side rxns can work in our
favor, this will come in handy, eh?

HEY What the fuck is thi.........  Who are all THESE GUYS in fig.4 ?

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~-~~
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO/O
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^\\\\o  /
||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||_\\\\o/
//////////////////////////////||\\///|
/////////////////////////////|||\\\/===L         fig.4
////////////////////////////||||
///////////////////////////|||||
MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM/////\\
//////////////////////////////\\\\
/////////////////////////////\\\\\\
||||||||||||||||||||||||||||\\\\\\\\
||||||||||||||||||||||||||||\\\\\\\\\
_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_\_\_\_\_\_

Looks like the stereo iced over...
... these boys have the majority, I'd say
The truth comes OUT.  Too lazy to drive out to the truck stop, eh?  You
bought pseudoephedrine from Wal-Mart, dincha?  What's wrong, scared of a
little guaifamacallit??  Well, I guess old Harry forgot to mention this
reaction yields L-meth from p-fed.  Hell,it's the cold season, we'll save a
bundle on Vick's Inhalers.  Expensive way to produce an otc decongestant
from an otc decongestant, though.

Let's keep goin' maybe we'll find some crank if we look hard enough.  Whoa,
check THIS out!

Some MESCALINE in fig.5 !!!




_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_`_-_-_~\\~'//~~   ` > - . - ..'_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_
- - - - - - - - - -`- '-_-.o0/0OOooo... . ` .'.~ _- - - - - - - - -
- - - - - - - - - - -\- - -./_.  - .  > - . - ..- - - - - - - - - -
- - - - - - - - - - -/- - - .zZ \     ' . ``.~ _ .-.- - - - - - - -
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _`\ /_/  |/\  \ ` .'.~ _. - _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
                     \   \\/ \|\ \ \   - . - ..- -
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ /|\  \   \  `  /fig.5\_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
             >    \        \  \/|\ /     \  -
                  /            // \    M         -
- - - - - - - - - - - -/- - -//- - \\    - `.>- - - - - - - - - - -
                           / /        \      /
                       \   \ \       \  \   _   `
                           \  \       \    \
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _/-_-_/_ .. |_-_-_-_\ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _

  HEY, it could happen!!
Time to head for the HobbyShop,  and spring for the hi-dollar stuff... Had
our eyes on the 3" poly fractionating column in the Jr ChemBoy Set.  I read
on USENET that if you attached some hose to a sidepipe and sucked on it,
you can totally control the boiling points. Hell, if we run this rxn every
weekend, we can suck enough of them out for a hit...

in about 10 years



You always want to pour the HI (or any reactive drink) into your rxn vessel
sloooowly, why?  Cuz if you pour too hard, or from too high, or from the
bottom of the liquid first, you always get a bunch of these smushed things:
see fig.6

                            ~-~~
                            O~O  /        (some say these are from excessive
        fig.6        \o  /  /_    \        use of magnetic stirs,  that's ob-
                      \o/\|Q_\_ |/ M       viously preposterous!)
                    d===  _||/// \\|\_

 these are inert compounds.  We call them inert because they're resultant
from sudden stops at high speeds, the effect of inertia.  aka `the
J.Dean-Picasso effect'



As we all know, rxns should always be done in dark, quiet, preferably cop
free places, otherwise you will undoubtedly produce a variety of the
following analog.

                            `\|/\|/'
                            > O/ O <
                            '/|\/|\`
                      \o  /    Q
                       \o/    _|_
                        | \  / | \
                      f=== \/  |  \      fig.7
                               |   \
                               |    \
                              / \    B
                             /   \
                            /     \
                           |       \
                           |        \
                          _|         \_

fig.7  You don't need POPeye's Magical Microscope Guide to recognize this
guy.  This is a location specific active compound with a duration of a few
milleseconds. This goes straight to the buss on the optic nerve circuits
and fires everything at once.  You cook enough of these pesky creatures
into the mix and you'll swear some CIA guy is following you around with a
flash camera.



Further investigation has revealed that the HI acid has been imported from
the Argentinian Chemical Industry.  This can cause some real problems. If
the HI has not been stored ABOVE the equator for at least a year, many of
the electrons are still orbiting the neutrons in the opposite direction
causing utter polar chaos when introduced to Northern Hemispheric reagents
and compounds. Let's continue our search, with this in mind, to see what
kind of empirical evidence we can mangle to support this data, in a most
scientific way, of course.  fig.8 a&b

         ~
         0
          \
         |~        fig.8 a This molecule is out of phase, or in 'lateral
         |         aspect'.  This is the quadriatic isomer and is extreme-
         |         ly rare in the stick diagram enviornment.  It's prescence,
         |         generally an indication of polar chaos, provides con-
        dl.5       vincing evidence for whatever it was I was just talking
         |         about.
         |
         M
         |
         |
        _|_

 I was sure that if we persevered,  we'd uncover some of these.



             `-''
         o   O\O
              ~
      \o  /   U
       \o/   _|_        fig.8 b
        |\  //|/\
      d===\/ \|\ \          d-methamphetamine
             /|/  \
              |    \
             /p\    m
            / . \
           /  :  \
          |  .   \
          |        \
         _|  _._    \_

 Imagine that!  I knew there'd be some of them floatin' around in there,
POPeye's an optimist! Of course, we knew all along that those
counterclockwise HI electrons would knock SOME of those l-Meths halfway
around and foil the wretched Pseudoephedrine demon.  Maybe we'll be closin'
the Mad Dog Saloon tonight, after all.   Just like I said !


or NOT!!!!!

 Remember when we spoke about imposters and blockers in our review of the
CNS ?  Take a real close look at fig.9

             `-''
        o   O\O
              ~
      \o  /   U
       \o/   _|_        fig.9
        |\  //|/\
      d===\/ \|\ \          ??
             /|/  \
              |    \
             / \    m
            / . \
           /  :  \
          |  .   \
          |        \
         _|  _._    \_

Line two ain't quite right, and something else is missing, too.  But it
just might be right enough to fit the slot where our MethBuddy is trying to
expedite our synaptic lifestyle.  He's a real first runner-up, this guy,
and an ace candidate for breaking off the key in the lock...  A mutant like
this, in sufficient quantity could block some or all of the effects of
Methamphetamine.  A fucking speed-blocker, the antidote, a goddamn CURE for
the Tweak! Just what we need.

  This collection we shall refer to as GodKnowsWhat # 30,867 v1.1.  Oh,
well.... shoot it up and hope for the best.... that's what I always say.


PART 5: Conclusions
===================

What AwHKAL does by design, with precision and near totality , creating a
respectively homogeneous rxn to tweak drug molecules or gently nudge a
single atomic grouping over one seat in the molecular theatre...   is what
the chemHack or mediocre drug processor does with handgrenade precision in
random amounts and endless configurations in a single reaction due to the
lack of controls,  skill, and sleep.... raised to the power of the
universal unpredictability factor.

The resultant menagerie of aminated cartoon characters will produce the
desired effect, close to it, something obnoxious, very little effect, or in
some wierd but true cases, the opposite effect... it's a bit of a crap
shoot.... Some of it will go on the market, some down the drain, and some
perhaps only to suspected gov't infiltraitors.

Visually, a product may seem homogeneous, with the crystallization taking
place so that the related compounds crystallize upon the surfaces of each
other in fairly even distribution.  It's an illusion.

It is safe to say that some side rxns are going to be alot more common than
others,  which is why there seems to be various recurring nastyFasty
flavors.

It is my humble opinion that the percentage of l-Meth in alleged Crank is
WAAAY higher than in the theoretical discussions, especially where
Pseudo-ephedrine is the precursor.

Trying to extract the desired product from all these closely related inbred
cousins is a real task for a real chemist... If you're good enough to pull
off the kind of distillation and column chromatography that would clean up
twisted streetSpeed, you'd be good enough to make the killer shit from the
gitGo.

This my friend, is the best I can do.  It doesn't really answer your
question, but it's the best explanation I can give as to why your question
doesn't have a definitive answer.

Of course I gathered this information from only the most reliable reference
sources within the topSecret domains of SpeedLore and Methology.  I've
often wondered about the same sorts of things, and that's why this Emale
has become an ADC Post.  As for all the bullShit and bad jokes,  well,
who's to say what's real when you haven't slept since your last dream...
and if you're going to throw your self to the ADC dogs, it's better to
humor them a bit first... they may take some pity, or perhaps just eat you
more slowly.  On the other hand, if this don't draw some heat... I Give Up!
I'm goin' over to alt.limbaugh.worship with some <4 MORE YEARS!!> posts.

AS ALWAYS, I should warn you that I really don't have ANY personal
experience with such things,  I've simply read everything by S.E Hinton and
just filled in the blanks with stuff from between the lines and rust on the
blade.

I would be terrified to take any kind of drug not prescribed by an ordained
Dr of the Medical Archdiocese produced by an Annointed Manufacturer of the
Scientific Religion.  And you should not try any of this stuff at ho...

oooops, gotta go,

here comes my Mom.

   -li'l POPeye





