Date: Tue, 7 Nov 1995 20:29:29 -0500

...............................................................................
 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
 ..............A drugWar would be FUN.... those are BULLETS!!!! ............
  ==========================================================================
                                       ONE
...............................................................................



My ever-changing, deepSeated subGenius traditions would lead me to believe
that there is actually some sort of Konspiracy going on here!

But I've seen enough, my faith weakens, and I know too well that a
successful ongoing conspiracy requires a few basics
such as:
Brains behind the scenes.
Loyalty in the ranks.
A tangible purpose or goal.
etc. etc.
these are NOT personality traits common to Amerikan pinkBoy poweRangers.

So I think we should consider an alternative explanation.

Perhaps it would be safe to say that the current attack on the domestic
population serves an entire spectrum of diverse groups who wish to further
concentrate their own power/wealth, leaving as many of us in poverty,
prisons or cemeteries as is necessary.  How many, or who gets away, is
meaningless to the task.

Who are these groups, and whatheFuck am I talking about anyway?

The long list would be any collection of moneyFreaks, hi-voltage
juiceFiends, and generally  Treasonous powerSkum, who need a BoogieMan, or
'scapegoat population' to facilitate their bloodSucking, enable a backField
government takeover, or generally tune their little Nazi musicBox to play
the Jingo March.  No single interest group could EVER hope to pull this off
in the 'Land.of.the.Huh?'.  But there are so many groups who lack a proper
kickDog, especially since the untimely death of the CommieRat, that we
could at least say there is a compelling common interest in favor of
drugWarring amongst this collide-a-scope of gimmeMores and cominUps.

Here's a short list of Heavy Players:

Wierd Religions and Spiritual Substitutes...
 the Devil's hand, and a Satan in every pot...  Hellfire and tarnation,
please send money

MediaMaggots...
 City Under Squeeze, you won't Believe THIS!!! Wild in the streets,  Police
hands are tied, lock your doors, story at eleven, Wildfire and taxation,
but first a word from the smileyFace buyMe's at DollarSign's

All Domestic Paramilitary Guard Operations...
the tri letterals ->FBI,DEA,ATF, ad nauseum
and of course the GateKeepers and Toll Collecters from Kustoms and Immigrashun.
 In the immortal words of General MacArthur,  or was it Westmoreland, 'we
can win this one, trust me, we've almost got 'em, would I lie?   But it
ain't gonnaBe easy. They're a tough and Godless, evil, cuthroat, viscious,
psychopathic enemy, especially the DeadHeads and hippy-types, anyway,
please send more arms, sophisticated electronic surveillance technology,
soldiers, lawyers, equipment and cash.  And don't tell the recruits about
the other pocket thing, just yet, y'know, hey, hey, sniff, sniff,  a wink's
as good as a nod, eh?'

The Military Industrial Complex-(standard IKE version)....
 we can do the arms,  electronic stuff, equipment, also gizmo's and kill
buttons you never dreamed you needed.  Please send blank checks.
  This year's strategy will be your call, either raise taxes or dump the
poor and old geezers onto the street.  Contribution's in the mail, BarBQ at
the Judge's house on Sunday.

International PowerRangers and Thugs....
 Capitol Groups, Banks and their offShore laundryBoys, NSA, CIA, Medellin,
Mafia, ContraClones, smallTime ThirdWorld expendable Dick Taters and
goFers.
MoneymoNeymOnEyMoNeyMonEYMONeymoneYMonEYmoNEyPOOOOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWEEEERRRRRR!
!!
OOPs, sorry, honey, I'll try to go a little longer when we do it next week.
Oh, yeah... when you get cleaned up, do me a favor, love... have the boys
over at MediaMaggot Inc.air that piece from Goebbel Village on American
Ghetto Teenagers singlehandedly running the world's most profitable
multi-godzillion Yen Cocaine business. I sensed a hint of skepticism
tonight at the consumerUnit fund raiser.  And call the boys at Air Amerika,
tell'em 'keep those 747's comin'

Talk Show Candidates from the Demo and Repulicker wing of the US Ruling
Party...
  the folks who brought you 100,000 more cops, three strikes and you might
as well shoot it out, and the ConsitutionStomping KrimeBill.
 Kickin'ass and takin' bribes.
 Really folks, we just need ABSOLUTE POWER till we get this DRUG thing out
of the way before it KILLS YOUR CHILDREN and then you'll be sorry, trust
us, we'll give it back when we're done.... really...... promise.

BIG Construction Companies and PrisonFunder Kickbackees....
 yeeeeehaaaaa!!! what a ride!!!  Ahm glad they don't let them prisoners do
this no more.... Awww what the Hell, Verne, pass the Grey Poop on!!


Confessed bigots and Southern or New England Aryan types...
With laws like these, who needs Jim Crow?   HELL, who needs the KKK? Damn,
boys, let's go home, we're obsolete, shit no, we're fuckin' MAIN STREAM,
well, Verne, I guess this satin sheet'll make some fine curtains for the
gun room at the house... time for a cold one.



Doktors...
Oh no no no no no, you can't have that!!
You wouldn't be able to handle it.
at least
not
without
A PRESCRIPTION!!!!
That'll be 75 dollars
thank you

the Lawyer/DA/Judge rotation...
Pick a side, any side.
you gotta pay, if you wanna slide
Now you see 'em, now you don't,
maybe they did, and maybe they won't
 set 'em up, knock 'em down,
if they ain't six feet in the ground,
 we'll cut 'em loose, or take 'em down,
it's a cash flow thing, in a BOOMIN' TOWN

As you can see, this is a list of Bona Fide Heavy's.
        A nightmare Potpourri of fireBreathers, trustFunders, Insiders, and
Old NewWorldOrder Bosses, hardCore shot-callers that make a barroom full of
violent, cranked-up  bikers seem like a port in the storm.
        What 'MethTime', our unfortunate consultant from the 'Belly',  and
some of my old friends, who are out of touch, all know, and YOU don't want
to find out, is that when you start knocking on the door to Fat City with a
long list of paying customers and weight on the supply side, you may think
you're a heavy, but think again...Middleweights need not apply. Not without
permission, and if you have to ask, 'how much?'... You can't afford it.
        The charmed Wannabe is firmly warned or leniently murdered but most
are not so lucky and rot for merciless decades in Amerikan Concentration
Camps.  Slumming with a Wannabe is dangerous business, catching a stray
skull fagment from an exclusion clause, or a meaningful 10 year shared
experience tops the short list in a limited prospective for 'buddys'.
        So stay away from Fat City,  the only new blood in town is on the
sidewalk,  there are no rules, they play for keeps and they don't LIKE
competition from upstart intellectual types or low rent anarchists for
sure.  They all deal heavy on the corners where the low roads meet, they
get drunk and do drugs and whores and worse, but 'dopers' are handcuffed at
the door, so don't even get friendly with these cops, gangsters, pro's and
players, they'll turn on you and eat you.

                                                                        -POPeye


...............................................................................
 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
 ..............A drugWar would be FUN.... those are BULLETS!!!! ............
  ==========================================================================
                                  TWO [cont.]

GET REAL...
Drugs can be a lot of fun, they feel good, they can even be a big help...
sometimes,  but even the best of us can go out for a liesurely weekend
cruise, and end up on some wild, out of control, full throttle ride in the
hill country, or even broke down on the side of the road, pissed off and
busted up.

Big Deal

I feel the same way about motorcycles.

Either of these things can kill you, if you're not paying attention.

And so can a hell of a lot of other things. It doesn't happen as a rule,
though.

But motorcycles and drugs and other things are OBJECTS.  They do not
possess a consciousness or a WILL... they cannot be good or evil,  these
are properties possessed within the hearts and minds of human beings only.
OBJECTS do not have any intrinsic POWER.  When we assign POWER or values,
like good or evil to an object, we are creating an illusion, a modern
idolatry if you will, it is silly, it's ignorant, and it's just downright
superstitious and weird.

Many of the users, and all of the drug warriors, fascists, fear mongers and
false prophets have the same fundamentally flawed worldView in reguards to
this issue because they all assign POWER to drugs, which are OBJECTS.  And
then they use this illusion of power to explain imaginary forces to which
they must react.  Once the forces are accepted as a reality, the reactions
become VERY real, and the mythology takes on a momentum and a life all its
own.  Then each group directs this momentum toward driving their own
agenda.  What's particularly dangerous, is that real forces which are based
on pure bullshit, can be twisted in any old direction.... How can you
measure the distance something has travelled from the original point, when
the original point does not exist?!

In simpler terms, a large segment of Everybody involved in drugWar
machinations uses drugLore and modern superstition as an excuse for all
sorts of insane acts which would never be tolerated in a reality-based
system.

ALICE IN WONDERLAND... the judicial years...

Possession- We have come to accept as commonplace the notion that an OBJECT
can be criminalized, but when you think about it, it's a weird concept.
The 'mystically empowered object' becomes an 'outlaw', but of course, you
can not punish an object... an object does not give a fuck, an object can
not change its ways, an object has no 'ways'.  So when outlaw objects are
located, the State will instead attack, and in many cases, destroy the
nearest, likely human being....    It's even stranger that 'plants' which
are part of nature and precede law, can be outlawed... but there it is.  It
seems reasonable that the State can place limits on the 'actions of its
citizens to preserve order...but is 'possession' (occupying adjacent space)
an action?  -too deep for POPeye

Possession with Intent to Distribute- The Nixon regime, whose subversive
activities, and numerous assaults on the Constitution (violation of war
powers, initiation of fastrack amendment, pentagon Congressional bypasses)
and endless flagrant acts of treason, initiated the current direct
paramilitary attack on the domestic population.  One of the many criminal
schemes hatched by Nixon lieutenants in concert with a fraudulant and
illegal propaganda campaign, involved the pretense of focusing police
violence on 'pushers' and away from 'users'.  Simultaneously, criminal
codes were altered in such a way that possession of threshold amounts of
given substances became sufficient evidence to convict for 'sales and
distribution' or 'pushing' these substances.  Prior to this judicial
'NewThink', proof of the actual act of sales or distribution was necessary
to convict.  Threshold amounts for harder drugs were low enough so that the
effect of the Nixon gov't's legal degradations was to redefine a majority
of users as 'pushers', then escalate the violence.  And that was just the
start.

So all the legalistic and pseudoIntellectual mumboJumbo aside... the
situation became as follows... the State locates 'criminal' objects,
measures and weighs the object, based on the mass of the object, the future
intentions of the likely adjacent human being(s) are stated as if they had
already occured, the human being is removed from the population based on
these 'codes'.

The flaws in this 'reality by decree ethic' are startling, aside from
science fiction fantasies involving empowered objects radiating
criminality, time folding back on itself, and other bizarre tangents that
defy explanation... the obvious objection to these 'codes' is that they do
not follow any sort of known logic... not even the simple logic theory
taught in sixth grade mathematics: if a, then b.  or
thesis/antithesis/synthesis... these legal codes are so crude, one cannot
even begin to analyze them,  there's not even a logical starting point,
they're gibberish.

So if our judicial system is not regulated to the standards of logic
applied to sixth grade math word problems, just what the fuck ARE its
limits, and how can one be expected to take a so-called 'legal argument'
seriously... beats the hell out of POPeye.  It sounds like the old "cuz I
said so" argument... alot like US foreign policy.  I don't know how to
label this coded thought, so I'll just call it 'logic by decree'.


MORE LOGIC BY DECREE

Intent to Manufacture- standard application of previous encoded legality:
the mere possession of certain chemical substances, which are individually
legal, when in proscribed combinations, becomes the 'act' of manufacturing
the likely criminalized substance.

'Aggravated Manufacturing'- this is a good one.. it is applied to speedLabs
mostly, but sometimes to psychedelic alchemists too, both of which are
currently the focus of the most arrogantly savage attacks by occupying
forces.   In the cases of small lab operations, Cranksters cut into
protected coke profits, and circumvent traditional pay-offs within
acceptable Heavy action.  Psychedelics are an anathma to black & white
pinkBoys... they evoke a rabid fear of the unknown.  Aggravated
Manufacturing elevates drug synthesis to the legal status of attempted
murder... pretty big leap, there.

Firearms and  Illicit Drugs:
This combination draws an additional felony with a lengthy mandatory, as of
'92 I beleive, even if the piece is otherwise legal.  Not even the NRA has
the balls to touch this obvious example of the hired hands wiping their ass
with the Constitution.

this could go on forever, but fuck it... you get the idea.


THE BILL OF RIGHTS and other fond memories

There has been a helluva lot of material written which addresses the issue
of the 'first and ten' being totally circumlocuted by the drugWar action.
It is a lengthy and well documented subject, so I will not expound on it
too much... but I will state clearly that the B.o.R. was intended to
protect the citizenry from government attack through the criminal justice
system... plain and simple.  The fact that it has been suspended by Drug
Warriors illustrates that this is indeed a domestic military operation,
'emergency war power' gambit and all.  Whether or not the attack is
actually motivated by a desire to eliminate drugs, or a power usurping act
of high treason, or both, is a matter for debate.  But in either case, the
fact is, that during the ReaganBush Coup, the B.o.R. was indeed thrashed
beyond recognition behind drugWar policy, what's gone is gone, and
historically speaking, these trends which act to wrench power from the
hands of the people do not reverse themselves without some sort of
tumultuous political upheaval or full-out revolution.  Since it is my
belief (the traditional American one) that the identity and legitimacy of
the US gov't resides in the Constitution, and the B.o.R. was written as
irrevocable, the only conclusion is that the US gov't was overthrown in the
80's,  whatever the current ruling entity is, it is NOT the US gov't, and
we live in an occupied territory controlled by paramilitary forces and
television sets.

No Peace Without Justice

Let's not be nigh eve, the Europeon's conquest of the New World is a real
horror story full of blood, genocide, and human bondage.  But despite this
rather depressing background, the American Revolution and the founding of
the Republic was a remarkable process... It is rightfully the event in
which we US citizens take the most pride, where our real heroes live.... It
is without question, the political culmination of 'the enlightment', and it
is not only the Founding Fathers, but all the people of that critical
moment in history who deserve the credit for pulling off an amazing
revolution in political thought by deep sacrifices that are unimaginable to
the modern pinkBoy.  This was an extended period of savage warfare,
prolonged throat-cutting treachery, layers of brutal power struggle and
political intrigue, frequent armed rebellions, and complicated intellectual
feats delicately performed atop the fenceRail between violent chaos and the
authoritarian quagmire.  And yet, it was in this enviornment that these
people were able to imagine, implement and preserve a form of gov't which
did not give militant power to the state for the sake of 'order' or
'victory' but instead left it in the hands of the people, while
guaranteeing their rights and freedoms, limiting the power of the State and
the temporal electorate in their capacity to trash the system and run wild
over each other like rabid weasels.  In contrast, Contemporary Americans
who liberally spew nonsense about living in 'dangerous times' where
'leadership' needs a 'stronger hand' to impose 'order', are simply spoiled
rotten punks, perhaps born with a silver stick up their ass, their depth of
cringing yellow cowardice is unfathomable.

We've never had it so good! what the fuck is their PROBLEM!!!

These gutless, trembling wimps, whose panic attacks leave them endlessly
shitting in spineless fear, soiling the institutions and traditions of
Civil Liberty and Constitutional Democracy,  have lead us to dispose of a
system which unfortunately for all of us, requires a certain amount of
strength, courage, intelligence and participation to maintain.  And these
bootlicking chickenshits have given it away to hired thugs over a fucking
public health problem.
sheeeesh... it just makes me so fucking mad... I'm nearly at a loss for
words... (heh, heh...Fat Chance).

  But I haven't given up, we're within salvage rights... the people as a
whole are wising up a little, the skepticism is thickening... but we are
going to have to be MEN and WOMEN, not a bunch of little crybabies... so if
your particular WEAKNESS is for power, or drugs, or a quick buck, or law
and order... do us all a favor, stay on the high road, take responsibility
for yourSELF, don't rely on the State to clean up our messes or bail YOUR
ass out... handing over YOUR power to the State is a big mistake.  Don't be
a bunch of whiners, hey.... if you don't want your kid to see someone
laying on the street, puking on themselves, don't have kids...those skid
types will always be with us,  mistaking losers for criminals is stupid.
Take away their dope or wine, they'll just sniff glue.  Maybe if your kid
sees these quivering wrecks for himself, perhaps he'll think twice when
someone tries to pass him a crack pipe... you're dreamin if you think he's
gonna take YOUR word for it.  And hey, if you're gonna dope yourself into
an early grave, try to stay off the sidewalk if you start puking on
yourself... you bring EVERBODY down when you do that.  I don't mind paying
for your free meals in county slam, and having to support your lazy fuckin'
ass so much as having to pay for your counterClockwise lifestyle with my
freedom, heritage and progeny....  go find an alley, or better yet, take a
good look at yourself and slow down a little, okay?  Find somebody to love
or something.


ONE FINAL VOLLEY

The idea that Consitutional guarantees are only suspended for the drug
underworld segment of the population, or that it is a temporary measure is
foolish.  The political assault on our traditional Democratic Rebublic is
evident accross the board, analysis of NAFTA and GATT faux-debates reveal
this, foreign policy is too horrible to think about, as usual, and the list
of other examples is long and depressingly redundant... but you don't have
to be a poitical scientist, lawyer, or American History professor to see
this... it's just that the issues are simply ignored by an elite corporate
media, with everything to gain by more concentration of power and wealth,
you're not going to get any substantial political information from your TV
set or Newspapers, but we knew that anyway... Let's hope that the NET is
not the next target, the preliminary propaganda campaign DOES seem to be
underway, and there is already activity from the hired hands in Kongress,
let's hope that even from the ruins of a degenerate talkShow Democracy, we
can keep this avenue of public discourse, information and entertainment
open for all who wish to share it... and with that, I would like to thank
all the people who continue to donate time and energy to the unwieldly
battle to keep cyberLand free.  And if you read this far, hey, I'm
thrilled, really...

seeYa in Geneva

-POPeye

A Conservative is a Libertarian who's never been busted.



