Subject: Re: Buy American - for DEX  [Part 1-6]

This post is dedicated to the memory of my friend, DMurphy aka DEX aka 'the
right hand Man'..... I miss him sorely. He was a great and generous
contributer to this group.  May his troubled soul finally Rest in Peace.
-POPeye

PART 1

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
{:-D> {:-)> {:-|> {:-\> {:-(> {:-@>   *   <@-:} <)-:} </-:} <|-:} <(-:} <Q-:}
.............................    Buy American   ..............................
==============================================================================

  Here is a politico/technical summary of the recent evolution in
underground and  psychoactive chemistry...  This information is not readily
available, nor has it been intelligently discussed not even an outline,
interpreted from academic chemSpeak and socio/psychoBabble into accessible
language for obvious reasons.  I'm not really qualified to do that, but in
the absence of any competition, I can certainly inflate a respectable
pretense.

  Despite the steady decay of the politico/judicial environment around the
use of psychoactives and ethobotanicals by the US population,  the
discovery, isolation and development of mind altering substances has gone
on, quietly.  Mass media has been cooperative to both the drugWarriors and
Resistance by remaining dutifully ignorant or sublimely misinformed of
technical developments wherever  controversy threatens to leap from dark
corners of forbidden subjects. To bring forth an actual debate in an
unauthorized area of a subject matter could bring about questions of
disloyalty.  This could have grave effects on Network peers, who rely on
the access to gushing NewsFlow provided by the government.

 Reference to progress in this area is collapsed into the allowable
discussion of 'designer drugs' when events force mediaSpigots to squeeze
out a dismissal of the subject.

Part 2

 'Designer Drugs' is a term that could only be generated by an inbred sales
medium, that cross-references News data gathered from itself with
vocabulary drawn from actual 'dramatizations' tailored to  accentuate the
Gritty dream-like Reality of the Ad Copy driving the system.

 Back in the real world, psychoactive drugs are stumbled upon amidst the
accelerating bio-chemical tinkering of pharmaceutical industries, often in
search of the Fabled 'SOMA', some are actually DEVELOPED for their
psychoactive properties useful to psychological studies and the isolation
of specific neuro-functions.  The value placed on the metaphor of an
introspective 'third person' viewpoint as well as deep positive moments of
pure understanding that reside beyond the grasp of internalized rationality
are some of the qualities of drug-induced states sought after by both
psychological reseachers and recreational users, so the psychologist is
always at a crossroads.  Acheiving unusually poignant results among
patients who profess to have found 'new meaning in their life' or
'discovered a source of peace within themselves', may speak too freely in
the non-scientific language of self-awareness that could   evoke a swift
prohibition response from the Dept of Miracle Agency Enforcement dept.  And
NO BODY from any of the Psychological Science Denominations wants to be
mistaken for the next Timothy Leary... They also know there is precious
little time for experimentation for drugs that have effects their patients
may describe as profound...  Recently, we've learned from Shulgin, that
there are entire, interwoven 'societies' of contemporary clinical
psychiatry whose primary focus is the ingestion of a particular drug, where
the Doctor sometimes joins the patient in a mutual tour of their respective
psychological architectures. Apparently there is quite a bit of very
successful therapy along these lines where the stabler psychedelics are
employed but neither prescribed nor reported... no need to since their
manufacture doesn't seem have been recorded either.

PART 3

 Alexander Shulgin single-handedly isolated hundreds of Tryptamines and
Phenethylamines with psychedelic properties, many have what most refer to
as psychedelic properties, but not the white knuckled, mind mangling,
dropLaunch that scared the Hell out of many LSD experimenters.
 Shulgin managed to survive the eighties, but his liscence for R&D among
the dreaded Schedule I materials was revoked after a fedreral attack on his
home and laboratory by the Klinton DEA in '92.

 The sheer volume of known chemical substances whose potential for
recreational use has increased exponentially  since the sixties.  The
eighties has seen the emergence of a younger, more educated and
sophisticated underground chemist experimenting with the syntheses of
indoles, tryptamines, and phenethylamines including the ever-popular MDMA
aka Xtasy in low budget homeLabs or afterHours at University facilities.

  Invariably they deal with the synthesis of drugs which are far less
dangerous or prone to habitual use than the HardCore stuff that preceded
them as staples of the blackMarket drugTrade since the 60's.  These
operations rarely go beyond amateur tweaking, and virtually never approach
a high grossing enterprise or threaten to blossum into a violent greeDriven
underWorld force.

 The primary danger they pose to the community lies in the increased
potential they present to innocent byStanders getting  tangled up in a
Police attack on a suspected labSite.

Part 4

 A sub-category of extremely lo-tech and unschooled chemHacks has evolved
within the dispersion of miniLabs, or the 'Thousand Points of Light' which
over-load satellite surveillance imagers.  These guys are in kitchens and
basements everywhere, doing simple acid-base extractions of
dextromethorphan from cough syrups and one pot syntheses of Methcathinone,
C.Hydrate, GHB and any number of dirt-simple procedures that can be
performed by anyone who can read and endure the noxious atmosphere produced
by kitchen cookware in hotPlate-havens, where ventillation is still a high
tech luxury.  These guys are the most obvious creation of the 'information
explosion' produced by deskTop publishing and InterNet growth.  They are
two or more steps removed from the University Library or academic
facilities that were the soul repositories of reliable chemical information
until recently, and  have never seen actual glassWare having forgone even
the casual rigors of High School Chemistry.  Their supply of reagents and
precursors come from Wal-Mart, Home Club and Ace Hardware. Their vocabulary
is a weird mix of unpronouncably correct academic chemSpeak and Brand names
for driveway cleaners and starting fluid.  But they're still smart enough
to know that extracting the L-Methamphetamine from Vicks Inhalers does not
yield a product someone would take twice.  That is because their access to
marginally accurate information is far superior to their predecessors,
whose burnt corpses were found clutching  'the Anarchist Cookbook' in the
ruins of hopeless CrankLabs Nationwide.

PART 5

It is unfortunate that this trend toward the use of less dangerous and
non-addictive recreational drugs by the younger generation finds itself not
only at odds with the modern Prison-Police State,  but also in competition
with the government sanctioned Cocaine and Heroin import trade.

HomeGrown/cooked dope  generated by the US drugResistance threatens the
Amerikan elite Skum with a  leveling off in the massive underground import
economy.  With the younger folks backing away from the obvious chemical
entrapments of gov't supplied cocaine and heroin, opting for the California
HighTest Weed, the local Crank and whatever exotic analog has come down
from the lab on the hill this week.

This is  more than a passing interest to nationalist counterparts around
the world, whose cooperation has aided the  survival and spread of
Far-Right dominance, the shameless bootLicking of co-opted dictatorships
whose displays of pathetic cowardice  is  common reaction to the threat of
populism, and state terror is their shared response.
 To this end,  the self-governing center of power at the core of Amerikan
Military Intelligence has been corrupting the executive paraMilitary forces
i.e.  DEA, ATF, Kustoms, and various State Policing agencies effectively
for years, so much that the US population has become a vast field of
humanity where addiction has been sewn, and dollars harvested to defray the
cost of maintaining far-flung RightWing Military Rule.  This lucrative
trade is what  fills the coffers of our own Shadow gov't, the legions of
criminal traitors who slither unabated behind the totalitarian shield of
National Security.  The MI complex, of course, supplies the bullets which
are pumped into the corpses of Native American children and Third World
victims of US covert cowardice, so everybody who is anybody makes a buck.
This completes the miserable cycle of degenerate treachery that buttresses
a position of absolute power, where the spineless can be found cringing in
nervous brutality, piloting the ships of Third World States with the
confidence of  men whose moral authority is rooted in the sale of their
young sisters to  Drunken pinkBoy tourists.  Shame driven violence is the
only means these disfigured minds can visualize to retain their refuge of
power and fulfill the required policies of their Western Mentors. So they
revert to the practices and training recieved at Summer Camps like Fort
Benning Georgia, preferring to rip the eyes from the faces of the women
they have raped, and children they have orphaned, than to suffer the
accusing stares that lurk beneath the emotional wall of screaming terror.

PART 6

Despite the unConstitutional takeover of the Judiciary by an out of control
fed, and every dirty trick, co-intel operation and low-blow act of treason
that desperate authoritarian swine have unleashed from their protected
wallows and punkHouse thinkTanks, the supplySide of the BlackMarket
continues to Americanize behind a dispersion of disconnected  cottage
industries.  The Coke Labs of Bolivia, Peru and the Poppy fields of the
Golden Triangle decline as vital capitol producing engines for those who
control access to the American market.  In this light, the motivation for
the insane treachery of the drugWarrior's attack on the population is seen
more clearly.  Until the greater population learns to think in underground
terms, and prevent open access to police and domestic military forces into
their lives, neighborhoods, communications, and busineses, learn how to
keep their mouths shut, and limit their drug buying to the support of local
growers and labs,  the global fascist movement will keep the upper hand.

Buy American!!