

Subject:      Opium FAQ V1.0
From:         an543201@anon.penet.fi
Date:         1996/08/13
Message-ID:   <043413Z13081996@anon.penet.fi>
Newsgroups:   alt.drugs.chemistry
[More Headers]



**************OPIUM FAQ**************************************

V.1.0

Opium poppy
Papaver somniferum

Propagation, harvest and miscellany

********************************************************************

This information is presented purely for educational purposes. Should the
scale and/or complexity of procedures outined in this FAQ deter anyone from
undertaking these activities, I would consider that I have done them a
favour: in many instances, the practices outlined are illegal. I have put
together this FAQ with the intention of educating those with less experience
than myself, and am infinitely grateful for the assistance of those who are
more knowledgable and better educated. If there are any glaring errors or
omissions herein, I can be contacted at the email address at the end of the FAQ

I have been unable to find an opium FAQ elsewhere. If I have inadvertantly
created a second FAQ, please accept my apologies and feel free to reproduce
or correct this work in your own.
********************************************************************


LEGALITES:

Being no expert on legalities I can sugggest you try the following:

The legagalities of papaver cultivation depends entirely on the law in the
state where you live. If you live in a city, you might want to check with
your local council, who will usually have a list of banned and/ or noxious
weeds on file. You could try requesting a list, saying, for example, that
you intend to set up a herb garden and want to grow St John's wort ( which
is a noxious weed in many places ) and would  they mind sending you a list?

If you're in a rural area, try one of those Lands/Agriculture department
type government agencies for a similar list.

Most Papaver species are legal to grow: some are NOT and are listed merely
as weeds, which means that you _must_ take steps to eradicate them on your
property and must not _cultivate_ them. In some instances their prescence on
your property is not a problem PROVIDING that you are not cultivating them
directly ie they are classes as weeds, but not noxious weeds. Somniferum is
most likely to be problematic, but other papaver spp may also cause legal
problems depending on the paranoia of your government agencies. 

And it is a question definitely worth following up.

PROPAGATION:

Several varieties of opium yielding poppies exist- Persian White has the
largest bulb and
subsequently highest yield. Another more common variety has purple petals
with a white centre-don't know the variety name - its much easier variety to
find than the white, but with smaller pods and a lower opium yield.

Papaver somniferum is basically a winter crop in the Southern hemisphere,
preferring cool nights and warm days and will stand slight frosts. It is
possible to germinate seeds in summer using plant tissue culture processes
and Murashige & Skoog basic medium- stick the cultures in the fridge until
they germinate. I have no successful experiences with planting these on-
possibly due to the short lifecycle of the poppy, but this could be a useful
starting point for experiments where the object is to cultivate poppies year
round. I have tried to stratify the seed in my refrigerator with a view to
inducing germination for early plantings- this has not been successful, but
has not seemed to compromise the fertility of the stratified seed in any way.

All poppies like sandy soils ( or at least well drained ones ) with a little
bit of shelter and not too much shade. Prepare beds in advance by digging
fertilisers and any claybreak leaving about six weeks between each dig.
Cover the beds with mulch and let them sit for a month or so. You CAN fully
mulch the beds, and sow into rows where the mulch has been completely
removed to about 7cm away from both sides of the seed row. DO NOT MULCH OVER
SEEDS OR MULCH TO THE STEMS OF ADULT PLANTS- this makes them susceptible to
fungal infestations of the browning-off type!

Plant on or around Mayday ( in the Southern hemisphere ) by raking into
prepared beds.
Broadcast seeds or sow thickly in rows. Young poppy plants resemble lettuce
seedlings. Stronger plants will become apparent at about 7cm high. Wait
until about 10cm high and thin as follows:

Poppies DO like a bit of companionship, so thin around a clump of 2-3 strong
plants. Two
thinnings about four weeks apart will ensure that plants have enough
'companionship ' ( ie shelter, shade and whatever allopathic conditions
favour clumps as opposed to individual plants. I tend to thin seedlings
progressively, over a month or so, leaving only enough room for strong
plants to grow into, without leaving vast spaces between plants. Poppies do
not like to be moved and it is better to sow directly into beds than to
transplant, which can result in stunted growth and a later, shorter
flowering season.

Interplanting with ranunculus and/or anemone, which flower at the same time
and have a similar leaf and flower formation, may reduce flower visibility:
this is important in areas where cultivation of opium poppies is illegal.

Keep the beds well weeded ( poppies hate too much competition though shorter
type groundcover weeds such as chickweed can keep the soil moist ). Keep the
water up to them in dry areas. Opium poppies ( particularly the purple ones
) are weeds in many places and can stand a bit of neglect. For some strange
reason the tallest and most vigorous poppies are often the ones that got
walked on by accident in their youth.

The plants may look a bit weedy when the flowers start to happen, don't
worry, flowering gives the plant a bit of a boost.

You will get a lot of thinnings: young plantlets which have been removed
from the garden bed to make room for stronger plants. If you're keen you CAN
make use of them. I have references which list young plants 10-20cm high as
having up to 71mg/100g dry weight of alkaloids. This can seem insignificant
until you consider that opium is only about 12% alkaloids, and you can end
up with a kilo of thinnings or more in your home garden. I estimate a couple
of grams of smokeable opium type extract can be extracted using methanol.
And given that thinnings usually appear prior to flowering commencing, why
would you waste a chance?

On the other hand you CAN drop the thinnings into hot water and allow to
steep for 10 minutes, which produces a vile tasting tea. Opium tea, in my
humble opinion, is fucked. It tastes horrible, needs fresh flowers to be
halfway potent, and does not store well.  All alkaloids are apparently
present in such a tea  in roughly equal proportion to that which occurs in
crude opium, but this improves the taste not one whit. Potency varies with
opium tea: you can drink a glass and feel nothing, or drink a glass and
discover in half an hour that you've had too much. Smoking O is a more
immediate route and allows for better dose control. Smokeable O is also
easier to store and has a long shelf life.

The alkaloids in papaver somniferum are present in the plant their pure
form,  and are combined with so called vegetable acids. Combined with acids,
alkaloids tend to be more soluble than the free bases. An early method for
the extraction of morphine involved addition of calcium chloride to the
filtrate of opium 'soup'. The calcium would precipitate the calcium salt of
these vegetable acids as a sort of soap scum leaving a crude morphine
hydrochloride.

Opium varies in alkaloidal content from batch to batch, and between regions.
The British
Pharmacoepia 1954 lists Yugoslavian opium as the most potent at 15-17%
alkaloid content,
followed by opium from Turkey, Iran, and Indian opium was at the bottom of
the list with a 9-
10.5% alkaloid content.

HARVEST

As soon as flower petals open, pull them away from the capsule to expose the
green seed pod, slice the surface of the pods with a SHARP blade ( I find a
Stanley blade best ) and either place seepage directly onto fresh marijuana
which is then dried, or collect the exudation into a vessel  ( eggcups are
good ) and store to dry. This operation is best done in the early morning-
I've found that yields decrease as the temperature rises.

Another method is to slice the seed heads and wipe the opium onto cigarette
papers. You can pull the dried opium latex away from the paper to store in
airtight bags at a latter stage.I've found opium is best stored in a dry
environment- can't remember whether its hygroscopic or not, but keep it dry
for best results

In a large harvest two layers of extract will form from the opium seepage.
Separate the two layers if possible- it may be possible to do this at
harvest stage especially with the Persian White variety as the two layers
have distinctly different weights- one can be used to enhance the potency of
heads or leaf, and the other is a high grade opium product best appreciated
on its own.

Discard all sliced poppy heads as trash: they are a legal liability and
should they be found a
charge of cultivation can more easily be proved. For economy's sake, you can
also use the weep at both the edges of the cut stem- best taken by wiping
straight onto fresh dope leaves. It's not high quality yield from this cut,
but hey, why waste it?

Resist temptation and save the first, last and largest heads to ripen
without slicing for next year's seed. You can improve your strain over time,
selecting for first, last, largest, most potent, whatever. I have not
experienced problems with the strain 'running out' of genetic material as a
result of inbreeding, as can happen with pot, or corn, or lotsa other stuff.
This does not mean its not a potential concern, and ALWAYS take a chance and
outbreed your variety: note results of any improvements and conserve your
seed stocks

You can reslice yesterdays pods if you choose to keep them, though I've
found the best way to increase yields is to remove spent flowerheads at the
base of the main stem or where the flower stem joins to a larger branch-
this encourages new flowers to form. Leave only the capsules you intend to
save for seed.

Flowers continue until end October/start November in the southern
hemisphere. Usually pod
sizes decrease with the age of the plant- though this is not always the case
with transplanted poppies. Keep the seeds from your best pods ( if you think
that you have enough seed to select for yield ) or just keep the seed from
any old pods ( this is a strategy for preserving genetic variance and is the
better practice in small crops ).

Poppy seeds are VERY tiny, shake or crush the seed pods and remove any
non-seed trash for best storage. Place in an airtight jar in a cool place,
use one of those wretched drierite sachets you find in vitamin pill jars to
absorb moisture, in my view seeds will remain viable for no more than three
years even under optimum conditions. So take care to take fresh seedstock
for everyyear

SMOKING OPIUM

Opium is the name for the brown waxy exudation from the unripe seed capsules
of Papaver
somniferum. Opium is a combination of chemicals, not a chemical name in
itself, as someone so rightly pointed out in Usenet recently. It's active
ingredients are morphine, thebaine, codeine, papaverine and several others
besides. Yield and proportions of opiates vary between individual plants,
crops, varieties, areas. Other parts of the poppy plant ( stems, leaves )
produce a latex which dries and resembles opium, but the quality of the
latexes from the other parts of the plant are not near as high.

Opium is described as a stimulant narcotic. Historically it has been
prescribed as a painkiller, for inflammation unaccompanied by dyspnoea, in
typhus, typhoid and smallpox etc.

PLEASE KEEP IN MIND THAT OPIUM IS AN ADDICTIVE SUBSTANCE.

IT IS POSSIBLE TO OVERDOSE ON OPIUM- BE CAREFUL!

Smoking it regularly can increase your tolerance- faster than you think. The
good thing about growing your own opium is that usually by the time you
think you've picked up a habit, you run out. The other good thing about
growing opium is that it's a fiddly, low yield job, particularly using the
easier to get, purple variety. You'd only do it if you were fairly dedicated
to having a smoke of O. In the quantities it takes to pull a reasonable
crop, it is way too much work for the money or the buzz...not to mention the
risk.

The best way to smoke O is in a bong. Assume you've cut and grown your own
O: store it in small flakes in an airtight bag, or just dry the heads you
wiped it on and smoke them. You can mix O with tobacco or pot, or smoke it
on its own.

O burns at a higher temperature than pot or tobacco, so keep your lighter at
its hottest. Initially pack small cones as O will keep burning long after
your tobacco or pot has gone out: you can waste quite a bit without
realising it. The taste is a bit of a shock at first, but the smell of the
smoke is a delightful sweetish pungent scent. If you've ever read anything
about smoking opium you'll recognise the smell immediately...

My first smoke of O, some years ago now, reminded me of nothing so much as
the first time I got stoned on pot. I grinned a lot. I snuggled with a
friend as we watched TV. The best thing about an O stone is the lack of
paranoia, and it's a stunning sex drug which can prolong orgasm etc. It's
also a great painkiller, given its history of legitimate prescription that's
hardly surprising.

As to the amounts you'd start with, it's best left to the individual really,
start with a matchead size portion of opium per person and take it from
there. The effects of O are fairly immediate, making it easier to calculate
an appropriate smoking dose as opposed to say, dropping acid. It is, of
course, much easier to overdose via oral dose of opium, which is why I've
recommended the smoking route.

The effects of O last 2-3 hours, depending on body size, tolerance, how much
you've smoked. I've absolutely no idea as to how long traces stay in your
bloodstream. Side effects- well, you sleep well, and next day you experience
a certain amount of lassitude if you've had a fair bit, but that's all I'm
aware of. I've heard it can cause nausea and constipation and have
experienced neither.

Pharmaceutical incompatibles: Astringents, alkaline carbonates, salts of
copper, iron, mercury, lead and zinc.

Antidotes to opium poisoning are: stomach pumps, coffee enemas, 1/6 grain
apomorphine
hydrochloride hypodermically, emetic of zinc sulphate, 5 grains or so of
potassium permanganate in a half pint of water. All sounds most unpleasant-
just don't take too much in the first place.

You can purify opium further into its constituent alkaloids- then take the
morphine and turn it into smack if you so desire. Wouldn't bother really,
opium is a much more pleasant experience overall than heroin. And the skills
you'd require are well out of the range of those described in this FAQ. It
IS possible though, if you need more information you may well find it at
http://www.hyperreal.com.

And yes, I believe its possible to get out of it on opium seeds, which CAN
contain ( depending on the seed source, age and your luck ) absolutely
minute traces of alkaloids. Positively microscopic traces...I estimate,
however, that it would be cheaper and far less hassle to go out and buy a
beer..........you'd need that many seeds .......and loads of determination.
The presence of alkaloids in opium seeds has been a hotly debated thread on
alt.drugs.chemistry for quite some time...check http://www/dejanews.com
index to find out about practically everyone's views on this subject.

Any responses, additions, offers of money re this FAQ, please email me at
an543201@anon.penet.fi

Cheers


Roo



 NOLI VECTORES IMPONERE!  
......::::::Take no pillions::::::......  

--****ATTENTION****--****ATTENTION****--****ATTENTION****--***ATTENTION***
Your e-mail reply to this message WILL be *automatically* ANONYMIZED.
Please, report inappropriate use to                abuse@anon.penet.fi
For information (incl. non-anon reply) write to    help@anon.penet.fi
If you have any problems, address them to          admin@anon.penet.fi
